so here is another vehicle we have on
the lot and this is bar none probably my
favorite rig we have here this is a 2014
Chevy Silverado this is the new body
style and a half-ton this particular
truck we have installed a six-inch
fabtech suspension lift which we did it
within the the restraints of the factory
warranty so the factory warranty is
still intact on this truck as I said
this is a 2014 as you can see we have
custom wheels and tires on it these are
a 35 inch tire on a custom rim we've
also installed nerf bars of steps
basically to get you in and out of the
truck with ease this truck is a z71
off-road package from Chevrolet so it
did have the upgraded shocks it has the
locking rear differential all that
button stuff this truck also comes pre
equipped from the factory with the tow
package with a four flat and a seven
round RV trailer wiring plug for ease of
use as far as trailer and goes it is set
up to to tow and trailer everything
these come standard with a locking
tailgate as well as a backup cam if you
can see it there on the tailgate handle
one of the other cool things about these
new Silverados is the easy lift and
lower tailgate it doesn't just fall on
you now it opens up with ease and goes
back up kind of the same way it's a lot
easier to close this than it was the
tailgate of the previous years they also
put steps on the bumper now so easy to
get in and out of the tailgate there's
handles right here on the side of the
bed for your hand as well as four stick
pockets I'm going to continue around on
the truck here on the outside we're
going to go ahead and pop the hood now
on the front end this is the same 5.3
liter powerplant that Chevy has been
using through previous generations but
they have improved this one to add
torque horsepower
better fuel economy very very quiet as
well these new engines are go ahead and
open up the rear door here on the
driver's side so you can see lots of
room on the inside of these Chevy is
updated and upgraded all the interior
the seating the materials the seats are
made out of everything is new improved
and updated and upgraded here on this
truck this truck with the suspension
lift with all the accessories and
everything we have on it is forty-nine
thousand six hundred and eighty two
dollars see up here we have power
windows power locks all of that good
stuff
I'm going to go ahead and jump on in up
here and close the door so it doesn't
bleed out so bad and show you some of
the accessories on the features on the
inside all new touch screen MyLink radio
system with the backup cam so as soon as
you go into reverse its going to come up
there on your screen
m FM CD player dual zone heating and air
conditioning down below here all of
these come now with a 110 inverter
standard and multiple outlets for 12
volt in the console here they also have
a spot for your memory cards and
multiple USB s as well as an auxiliary
input voltage little display on the
dashboard as well for your readouts
around your instrument cluster as well
as full function steering wheel controls
on this truck for your cruise control
and any and every feature that the radio
will do these are equipped with OnStar
from the factory you do get six months
free service directions and connections
from OnStar as well as three months
Sirius satellite radio if you have any
questions on this truck or if you'd like
to see it or drive it please call Chris
Leak here at booth & Leduc motors today
in Calvo Washington 509
six eight four eight four zero zero
thank you for your time